I'm Fiona Foster and now I am a reporter
on ITV ones tonight the run-up to the
law and she was very exciting for me
anyway I'd worked at a couple of other
BBC local radio stations and it was
clear to me that this was a very
different animal here was a station that
you know I would listen to for pleasure
on my day off which really to be honest
hadn't been the case with the others
we were playing tapes of the music that
type of music would be playing I think
four days before we launched I'd been
there probably one of the earliest
actually to go because my contracted
Angela capital only coming up probably a
few months before we actually got on
there and it was a really exciting time
when we first when I first arrived as a
bit of resentment understandably from
the old guard who are now moving out but
once people start arriving it's just a
terrific buzz because we all thought
we're doing something here that we'd
listened to and that is new and the time
was right for it and you were one of the
very first voices on eggs and so nervous
till well that first VIPs I think we're
I say on 94.9 FM was recorded and then I
think we went into Nick Hobart
saying hello and welcome to the station
and then he threw back to me for the
news as I remember and oh I was very
nervous it was such a big buildup it was
so tense and exciting and I was so glad
to get that first bulletin out the way I
can't tell you and who got to decide you
the first record Roz was it Trevor or
was it a group discussion well the first
record I remember Trevor going around
the office canvassing opinion and AH it
was such a hard thing we thought and
thought I think in the end it was
Trevor's own suggestion and looking back
I think it was a touch of genius
actually it was inspired because it kind
of said everything that glr wanted to
say the thing that amazed me that
doesn't seem to him with radio stations
is that they they seem to have worked it
out beforehand and it seemed
to stay pretty much on that form was it
was it all very carefully thought out
and planned I think it was hugely well
thought out I think Matthew and Trevor
between them had obviously got this
blueprint of what they wanted they
wanted intelligent speech they wanted
smart witty presenters and they wanted a
really good strong playlist then I'd
never worked at a BBC local radio
station where the music was so important
and it was clear that the music was
going to be such an important part I
mean I I was used to scrambling around
in the library looking for Neil Sedaka
an on needle time so for me it was just
a revelation and I think they had this
plan and like two military generals they
just went for it and what would you say
about the legacy of GL oh what's it done
for broadcasting today
I think DLR is important because it made
made people realize that there was a
space for this kind of AOR intelligent
speech based programming and and I don't
think there was anything to rival it at
the time and now you know you see a lot
of copycat stations I suppose in a way
people who realize that that is a
mixture that a lot of people of a
certain age want to listen to